perf: add images caching (#83)
vuestorefront/storefront-nuxt3-boilerplate: GUIDE.md

- Commit message enforces [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) specification and use [commitizen](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/) library.
- Automatic code linting is managed by [lint-staged](https://github.com/okonet/lint-staged) library and [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/)

### Cache control

> The boilerplate comes with a basic setup for cache control. The caching configuration can be extended in the `nuxt.config.ts` file. Use `routeRules` to define the caching rules for specific routes.
> 
> As the basic setup is not caching images generated by `NuxtImg`, the config can be extended to cache the images as well by setting proper headers.
> 
> ```ts
> export default defineNuxtConfig({
>   // ...
>     routeRules: {
>       '/_ipx/**': { headers: { 'cache-control': `public, max-age=31536000, immutable` } },
>     }
> })
> ```

Reviewer: Suggestion:
reworded a bit.
Also, this kind of reference should work: https://www.stevemar.net/github-code-in-readme/

```suggestion
As the initial Nuxt setup is not caching images generated by `NuxtImg`, the `nuxt.config.js` in this repository has been extended to cache those images as well (by setting proper headers):

https://github.com/vuestorefront/storefront-nuxt3-boilerplate/blob/feaff0bdf447babbac6774bc86895fd39dc48675/apps/web/nuxt.config.ts#L77-L78
```
